c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\OrderService.dll.config
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\OrderService.dll
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\OrderService.pdb
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.dll
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.exe
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.pdb
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.xml
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.pdb
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.xml
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\obj\Debug\OrderService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\obj\Debug\OrderService.dll
c:\users\justin self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\obj\Debug\OrderService.pdb
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\OrderContracts.dll
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\OrderContracts.pdb
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.NHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\Justin Self\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NsbWorkshop\PlaceOrderHandler\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.NHibernate.xml
